How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you 
see the bug that was introduced?

It helped by showing the changes in our code, the lines that 
have been added and remove. Using this we can easily analyze 
our code faster and easier than manually looking for changes 
to find where exactly a bug or typo occured in our code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By reflecting or viewing our old code we can see how far we've 
come as a programmer and seeing what other programmers added 
or remove to our code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing 
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:It's up to the programmer to save where there are logical 
change to a code. The code will be executable, automatically 
saving will most likely save in the middle of coding, meaning 
the code may or may not run.
Cons:Forgetting to save versions will be problematic.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow 
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google 
Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is specifically for developing and coding , while Google 
Docs is for word or txt file that isn't related or doesn't 
affect each other much.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the 
history of files?

Git log will show all the commits entered by the user followed 
by a short description about that particular commit, using git 
log we can copy the commit id and use git diff to see the 
difference between the two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to 
make changes that could break something?

You could add new features to your file head on without 
worrying about bugs that may cause problems to your programs
and saves you a lot of your time finding those pesky bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Right now, not much since I've just been starting to learn 
about computer science. But I know now the knowledge to use 
version control is a very important skill that a programmer 
can have and.  